update SQL diagnotics document (#2772)
pingcap/docs: system-tables/system-table-sql-diagnostics.md

---
title: SQL Diagnostics
summary: Understand SQL diagnostics in TiDB.
category: reference
aliases: ['/docs/dev/reference/system-databases/sql-diagnosis/','/docs/dev/system-tables/system-table-sql-diagnosis/']
---

# SQL Diagnostics

> > **Note:**
> >
> > This is an experimental feature. It is recommended that you **DO NOT** use this feature in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:**
>
> SQL diagnostics is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```
